c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\mdapp.exe.config
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\mdapp.exe
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\mdapp.pdb
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\mdapp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\mdapp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\mdapp.g.resources
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\mdapp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\mdapp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\mdapp.exe
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\mdapp.pdb
C:\Users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF5.dll
C:\Users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MySql.Fabric.Plugin.dll
C:\Users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF5.xml
C:\Users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.xml
C:\Users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\welcome.baml
C:\Users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mdapp\mdapp\obj\Debug\welcome.g.cs
